Add setup instructions for Unity WebGL (#32653)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/unity/setup.md

   }
   ```

#### WebGL

1. Create a custom WebGL template, following the instructions provided by [Unity][9], or by using the minimally modified version in Datadog's [Github repo][10].

> 2. If you are using your own WebGL template, or have added a new WebGL template, modify it to included Datadog's Browser SDK delivered by CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you are using your own WebGL template, or have added a new WebGL template, modify it to include the Datadog Browser SDK delivered by CDN.
```
